Modernize choice of default languages shipped with Atom
Option to make unsaved files more obvious?
Browser Sync plugin for brackets
custom key to run actionscript or launch service on mac
A visual tree with media query breakpoints and other elements like in Coda
Enhanced live preview element highlight
Show function syntax for functions
Add suppot for Django Web Framework (Python)
Check In / Check Out Feature.
Dropping a file from the project tree into the editor will insert its url
Is there a way to remove from a ZSET only when the score of value meets certain condition?
How to run a redis docker instance with a different port rather than 6379
cmd/compile: make available as a library
Suggestion for optional parameter with type 'never'
Variable should be defined as 'let' not 'const' because it is changing.
I had to escape the escape on the brackets
Update contributing guidelines for adding project lifeline.
Learn How a Stack Works Insufficient Tests
Show me my public profile redirects to Map
Built-in higher order functions used (way) before their tutorial
Manually add recent PR changes to new curriculum seed files
Feature Idea: Multi-monitor mode
Global Scope and Functions on beta.freecodecamp
Chrome Dev Tools: Console page should include mention of Console.table()
Feature: peer reviews for advanced challenges
Testing Objects for Properties needs clarification
question for multi users
Random theme from list
Write a function in zshrc that can take a parameter and can handle flags on MacOS
Theme Documentation
Is it possible to display the command behind the alias that is being run?
How to complete file paths like native Zsh and Bash?
Please rethink the experience for new users.
duplicate or obsolete history options
Can add some autocomplete respect the project podfile for the zsh plugin?
How ssh autocomplete hosts list is being generated?
Has the prompt in avit theme gone pink for anyone else?
Overriding the default colors
How to search in UTF8 documents?
Filetype option for listing directories like `find -type d`?
Assembly language should take include files into account
Does it support PowerShell?
line numbers in pipe output
Running ag --hidden searches .git directory
Implement zip file streaming
The regular expression syntax used in Ag should be documented in help section
Files are ignored in subdirectories that partially match directories specified in gitignore, unlike git.
gitignore files in subdirectors are not taken in to acount when searching files.
Add information about MSYS2 to readme / wiki
Glob pattern not matching as expected
Searching for literal filename gives odd results
More substantial documentation
OpenSUSE installation notes
Implement searching in zip-files
only search for directory
Limit Number of Results
Visual alignment of results, and differently-lengthed line-numbers
List regex flavor options in README, man page
Configurable file types as in ack
Any way to print non-matches?
It is not possible to combine --vimgrep and --only-matching
Feature request: make --version print compile-time options
Feature request: add -x/--line-regexp (match whole line) option
Following symbolic link directory junctions on Windows
Support for inclusion via .agignore
Truncate matching line for compressed/obfuscated single line files
--smart-case behaves unintuitively with negative character classes
Add matching lines command line option (as grep --count)
Option validations needed with -g
Add link to Windows port to README
Support for command-line exclude patterns ?
Translate into Portuguese
Alternative completed guide on OS development
Translate into Korean
makefile commands for building the kernel
how to setup my development environment? can you tell me in detail?
How i can run on Windows
can i translate into chinese?
Will you continue writing the book ?
It has been discontinued?
Doc on scatter_nd not clear about concurrent updates
Feature requests: erfcinv
Difference of allocate_persistent() and allocate_temp()
Slicing a tensor by an index tensor in Tensorflow
SparseTensor constructor change not noted as a breaking change in 1.0
Direct access to Tensor Buffers in C++ interface
ADD to CONTRIB: single_image_random_do_stereograms for data analysis
Make quantize_graph importable
Make tf.Tensor's magic functions (e.g., `__add__()`) play nice with unknown types
Clarify Migration From session_bundle.exporter to saved_model.builder.SavedModelBuilder
Method log_prob_with_logits() for Dirichlet
[Enhancement] Redesigning TensorFlow's input pipelines
Add Python Graph Transform examples
Feature Request: Tranponse of separable_conv2d?
How could I get the weights from the checkpoint file saved using tensorflow-slim?
Native Windows libraries for Java?
Hyper-parameter search in TensorFlow
Layer for 3D convolution transpose
Feature Request: Embedding Lookup Gradient
Making the URLs in the documentation clickable
Provide a way to clear variable and name scope
Visualize experiment arguments in Tensorboard
Feature: nadam optimizer
Feature: Hide Metrics for Which Data Exists for Zero Runs
FEATURE: Tensorboard Scalars: Simple Way of Setting y axis to start at 0
Status of Allocator API
Feature request: get available GPU memory
Hyperbolic functions
Implement Batch Renormalization in TF
Feature: Add reduce_average (weighted reduce_mean)
Change `dim` to `axis` for neural network classification ops to match others for the TF 1.0.0 API?
Add QueueBase.is_closed()
Feature request: separable convolutions in 3D
Feature request: equivalent of np.clip
Feature request: Multi-label Binarizer (k-hot)
let tf.contrib.layers.batch_norm normalize over more axes than just the last one
Tensorboard: Please improve log-scale plots
Feature Request: an op that returns bytes_in_use for its device
Is there any GPU implementation of tf.stack for int64?
Add Maven artifacts to central mvnrepository
get_matching_files issue
Rename parameter in Exponential distribution
keep_dims vs keepdims
Contrib support on Windows
Export meta graph option in image retraining
Add contrib/tfprof to CMake build
Weird behavior of tf.tensordot when shapes are partly known
Nestable custom_getters 
add summary_feed_dict support to tf.train.Superviso
Allow dynamic summary names in new summary interface
Feature Request: Gradient for QR op
Bash argument completion for tensorboard 
Change draw_bounding_box() label input to allow different number of inter-batch boxes.
Support of gradient for TF.MOD
No real code example for using the tensorboard embedding tab
GPU kernel for tf.random_shuffle
Request for distribution of prebuilt headers and libraries
Allow using raw values for Projector?
Fast Layer Normalization GPU kernel
Feature request: second derivatives for pooling operations
Using classifiers with scikit-learn ensemble methods
Is it possible to implement spatial pyramid pooling layer with tensorflow?
Unintuitive error messages when using functions that require a axis parameter
Support distributed aggregation in embedding_lookup_sparse
add convert_placeholders_to_constants to tensorflow
Feature Request: Bivariate/multivariate Gaussian CDF
Model Exporting Does not Use optimize_for_inference_lib
optimize_for_inference.py should remove Dropout operations
Async prefetching queue data on GPU
Universal dataset generation toolkit ?
API pages could use some search optimization
Rename argument names in tf.train.exponential_decay()
More programmatically configurable TensorBoard graph visualization
Better support for initializing without explicit initializer for tf.string
Please make the documentation headlines linkable/clickable
Better support for initializing variables that depend on each other
Unable to evaluate dense tensor obtained from sparse complex tensor
Implement NumPy style boolean indexing
Implement advanced indexing (and mixed basic/advanced)
sparse lookup tables for tf.nn.embedding_lookup_spars
Support for native half-float computation (float16/fp16)
Feature request: better handling of concurrent execution to prevent unnecessary out of memory failures
Tensorboard should Update Browser Location on Tab Changes
Can we have a feature for max out activation function? 
Unclear documentation and behavior for sampler in Tensorflow
Optimizer classes do not support complex variables
Use Basic neural network subroutines (BNNS) on iOS
Numerically stable summation methods
Support complex numbers in Tensor Transformation Operations
Feature Request: multi-epoch alternative to tf.QueueBase.close()
Feature needed: configuration file
add shuffling option to tf.train.batch which handles variable-length sequence
feed_previous argument for basic_rnn_seq2seq
make data_feeder for sparse matrices
Implement an efficient AssignMatMul() for general BLAS GEMM pattern
Need force_gpu_if_available for tests
Shouldn't tensorboard warn you that not all summaries have loaded yet?
support different horizontal axises for different scalar summaries
Request: Equivalent of theano.clone() to dynamically replace subgraphExpose TensorFlow build details
Give a convenient way to retrieve shadow variables created by ExponentialMovingAverage.
Provide sugar for insuring gradient computation of an op is put on the desired device
Provide GPU implementations for resize image methods
Request for angle
Need better error message for error in checkpoint loading
Support more image formatsImplement Fast Fourier Transform ops
Warn when calling session.run() on a very large scatter
Allow adding and deleting graph nodes and edges in Tensorboard
Make TensorFlow compatible with PyPy
Should check whether n_class is zero before calling sample_n() in mixture.py
Suggestion: Form validation: Icons should be displayed with a generic class (v4-alpha)
Standardize header, footer, and content languageAdd utility class for overflow property
Add Slider and toggle components
[Feature] Burger Menu on Desktop
Accessibility - custom improvement - allow badge text color customisation
Rethinking the usage of aria-expanded in collapsible body in favor of aria-hidden.
Popover tether on window resize 
Navbar nav-link hardcoded padding
Increasing card height after use select.
Utility for the flex-grow property
Expand the Sizing Utility to allow for responsive breakpoints like "w-xl-50" (css, feature, v4)
Dropdown closing on mousedown instead of mouseup
Refactor Bootstrap carousel
Close current open modal window, open another that we clicked and keep modal-open on body
we can add prefix for container
Determine if issues are bugs or not
Repository Comments Feb 13
Alternative sign in path if remote authentication fails
Custom error templates 2.0
Remove URL input fields for uploads and `fileStorage: false` config
